hi guys I'm here to share this hairstyle
that I'm rocking and these are crochet
braids and I have been loving crochet
braids they are super easy to do and so
inexpensive hairstyle like and it looks
so natural it looks like your natural
hair I have been transitioning since
October of 2014 and my hair is starting
to get to that point of hard to manage
hard to do hairstyles to make make it
blend so lately I've been doing a lot of
protective hairstyles this is my second
time doing it I had it the first install
I had him for about two weeks and I used
the marley twist hair this time around I
used I opted to use a different type of
hair and this is the hair I used I used
havana spirit it was a Havana twist
braid in 22 inches and in number two and
it is Kanekalon into local on hair and I
use two packs of these and I think each
pack cost $5.99 a piece and I cut the
hair in half and I also took the strands
and broke them apart and I pre Swit
curled and dipped his hair before I put
it in yeah so I am loving this hair oh
this is what the hairstyle looks like
and it took me apart about two hours to
do it took about an hour to roll all the
hair up and dip it then I let the hair
sit overnight to dry
I advise if you're gonna pre dip make
sure the hair
it's completely dry because the hair
will get tangled and become very mad at
if you do not allow the hair to dry
before putting it in your hair
but this is what I got if you like to
see how I got these hairstyles stay
tuned guys
so this is how they hear what I like to
do first is snip that little end of the
curl off that little frizzy piece
because once you try to separate it it
will just mess up your whole curl so I
kind of like the twist around do you
have your loop in the middle so you take
your little crochet make sure because
this little thing you want to make sure
that it stays down because it can get
caught in your hair so I'm just gonna
bring it through my hook is open the
last part is open right here so I'm
gonna hook the hair in there and make
sure I close the latch pull it the roof
take my hair twist it and pull up the
hair through my little loop bring it
forward and with this hair I have
tonight
so I'm gonna show you
put your legs down oh this is so easy
super easy to do
yeah go ahead and finish doing all this